Add introduction video of the standard to README (#363)
publiccodenet/standard: README.md

The standard lives at [standard.publiccode.net](https://standard.publiccode.net/), and for an overview of all content see [`index.md`](index.md).

> [![The printed Standard for Public Code lying on a table between two hands](https://img.youtube.com/vi/QWt6vB-cipE/mqdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QWt6vB-cipE)

Reviewer: This image has a role, perhaps that should be reflected in the alt attribute.

```suggestion
[![Thumbnail for the video on the Standard for Public Code: a printed version lying on a table between two hands](https://img.youtube.com/vi/QWt6vB-cipE/mqdefault.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QWt6vB-cipE)
```

Author: I thought alt-text only should describe what you actually see, not adding semantic meaning of the image to it.

Reviewer: The alt text is what displays as an alternative to an image. For people who can see the image it is clearly a 'thumbnail' and they will infer meaning from it. As such it being a thumbnail is an integral part of it's description.

Imagine how someone would describe the elements on the page to you. I'd say 'there is a thumbnail of the video with the standard on it and the title and link underneath."

> The image above is linked to an introduction video of the Standard for Public Code on YouTube.

Reviewer: This is really hard to use for those using non-gui-mouse based browsers. It also adds the cognitive overhead of having to relate to other elements before being able to act. A simple link with a good description will serve it's purpose better here.

```suggestion
[The video: Standard for Public Code - Creative Commons Global Summit 2020 (4:12) on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QWt6vB-cipE)
```
